boring work can exist all over the place, but you just have to make sure
that you keep it light. Um, there's some kind of levity that you
can have toe that that you conclude include to every job. And it makes
the time go by a lot faster. Um, there's a time that, like, let's
have a control point watch, which is when you're down in the bottom
of the plant you have toe, make sure that everybody that goes into
the reactor room is properly frisk, which means that they have Ah, you
have a wand. And you, um, go up and down their body and make sure
that, you know, like they go in without any, uh, zoom is on them and
they come out without any zoom is on them. And to make sure that that
they didn't pick something up on the inside, Um, it could be maybe
two hours or three hours that nobody comes in. Maybe you could spend
a whole six hour watch and you don't see anyone. Maybe they're coming
in back and forth. So, uh, in moments like those when you're all
alone, uh, it could be good toe. You know, have a book that you're
kind of reading, Obviously, Like, uh, a technical book. Um, when people
come back, back and forth, you kind of joke with them like, Hey,
what's going on up there on the top side? And, you know, like, uh,
you kind of play with them a little bit, and that makes the time go
by a little bit faster.